DBZ-7616 Document `database.query.timeout.ms` property (#5498)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/db2.adoc

`> 0`:: The connector restarts automatically until it reaches the specified maximum number of retries.
After the next failure, the connector stops, and user intervention is required to restart it.

|[[db2-property-database-query-timeout-ms]]<<db2-property-database-query-timeout-ms, `database.query.timeout.ms`>>
|`600000`

> |Time to wait for a query to execute, given in milliseconds. Defaults to 600 seconds (600,000 ms); zero means there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the time, in milliseconds, that the connector waits for a query to complete.
Set the value to `0` (zero) to remove the timeout limit.
```
